Andrew Galen
president 
I am currently a Senior and am on my fourth year on the
robotics team. For the past couple years I have been a
programming specialist developing code for the robot and
teaching new students. I now am the President of the team,
where I help lead multiple divisions and set a model for newer
members. I enjoy working with such an amazing group of
students and cannot wait to have an another great year with
Mortorq.

Cameron Asher
Vice President
This is my fourth year on the robotics team. I'm currently the
vice president, head of programming, and the head of web
development. I've loved programming for a while and being on
Mortorq has taught me many practical and real-world skills so I'm
very grateful for FRC and Mortorq. I really enjoy leading the
amazing students on our team and hope to help make this team the
best it can.

Chazz Rugiero
Build Specialist
This is my 4th year on MorTorq and in FRC, and I am a senior.
Previously, I was head pit tech. As build leader I ensure that all
              mechanical aspects of the robot are in check, and that all build
            sub-teams are working in cohesion. This team is like my second
              family, and I am so grateful to be able to work alongside them. My
              favorite parts of FRC are the people involved and their robots.
              The diversity involved in both the people competing and their
              design choices is beautiful. &lt;3
              
Odelia Shofet
Machine Specialist
I am a current junior and have been on this team for the past
              three years. As machine specialist, I oversee the woodshop and
              teach new members about the machinery. From freshman year, I have
              loved everything mechanical and machinery, Being on MorTorq, I
              have learned a variety of skills, from using SolidWorks to leading
              a group of students. I look forward to the rest of the year and
              next year on this team! Go MorTorq!

Kaylen Wi
Electrical Specialist
This is my third year on the team. As electrical specialist, I
              wire the robot to ensure Build can run the different components
              they built with the code Programers wrote. Electrical piqued my
              interest freshman year and since then I worked very hard to
              increase my knowledge. Mortorq has given me many opportunities
              from learning how to use power tools to developing my engineering
              and leadership skills. I have met so many amazing people through
              this program and hope to encourage more girls to join FIRST.

Rachel Cohen
CAD specialist 
This is my third year with Team 1515. As CAD Specialist, I teach
              students about Computer Aided Design (CAD) and help them develop
              their skills on the Solidworks program. Thanks to the Robotics
              Program, I have developed skills in engineering, machinery,
              design, and leadership. I hope to continue teaching and
              encouraging more females, as well as many of those in the Arts
              departments, to join Robotics.

Arielle Efron
Safety capitan 
I am a sophomore and the Safety Captain of team 1515, and this is
              my second year in robotics. As Safety Captain, I create and
              enforce protocols to ensure that the team is safe at all times.
              Safety is an absolute necessity and priority, and I hope to share
              my passion for FRC with anyone interested in educating themselves
              on how to further protect their team. I am also committed to
              encouraging more girls into joining FRC.